content/_projects.md, before:

---
description: Projects
draft: false
math: false
slug: projects
title: Projects
toc: false
noComment: true
---

### Kaggle 2021 March Mania Contest

Finished 27th overall in Kaggle's 2021 March Mania contest relying on a variety of team-strength metrics, domain knowledge, and other features to predict performance in the 2021 Men's Basketball National Championship. You can view my code for this project [here](/blog/march_madness_2021/).

### Big Data Bowl 2020

Worked with a team to evaluate the pass-defense of individual players using NFL tracking data, creating an R package to estimate and evaluate defensive skills of specific NFL players. Our writeup for the project can be viewed [here](https://www.kaggle.com/hughmccreery/hjmo-big-data-bowl-submission), our code can be viewed [here](https://github.com/hjmbigdatabowl/bdb2021), and a Shiny app to visualize our results can be viewed [here](https://bdb-2021.herokuapp.com/).

### NERD Score Twitter Bot

Put together a Twitter bot to produce daily NERD score values for pitchers and games (NERD estimates the entertainment factor for a given game or pitcher). The bot is previewed on FanGraphs [here](https://blogs.fangraphs.com/instagraphs/nerd-scores-now-available-from-internet-robot/) and the code can be found [here](https://github.com/john-b-edwards/NERD-Bot), though the bot is no longer maintained or updated.

Commit message:

some resume and project cleaning up

content/_projects.md, after:

---
description: Projects
draft: false
math: false
slug: projects
title: Projects
toc: false
noComment: true
---

### nflverse

Contributor to the open-source NFL data package family `nflverse`. Found obscure API endpoints and built scripts to hit these endpoints, download and clean the sourced data, and then make the data available via the `{nflreadr}` package. You can view the `nflverse` family of packages [here](https://github.com/nflverse).

### Predicting Scrabble Point Values

Finished 1st overall in a Kaggle community competition to predict the point value of the 20th turn of a Scrabble game given only the 19 previous turns. Relied on a neural network to model Scrabble turns, then adjusted point values using a mixed model to account for individual player skill. You can view my writeup of the project [here](/blog/predicting-scrabble-point-values/).

### Kaggle 2021 March Mania Contest

Finished 27th overall in Kaggle's 2021 March Mania contest relying on a variety of team-strength metrics, domain knowledge, and other features to predict performance in the 2021 Men's Basketball National Championship. You can view my code for this project [here](/blog/march_madness_2021/).

### Big Data Bowl 2020

Worked with a team to evaluate the pass-defense of individual players using NFL tracking data, creating an R package to estimate and evaluate defensive skills of specific NFL players. Our writeup for the project can be viewed [here](https://www.kaggle.com/hughmccreery/hjmo-big-data-bowl-submission), our code can be viewed [here](https://github.com/hjmbigdatabowl/bdb2021), and a Shiny app to visualize our results can be viewed [here](https://bdb-2021.herokuapp.com/).

### NERD Score Twitter Bot

Put together a Twitter bot to produce daily NERD score values for pitchers and games (NERD estimates the entertainment factor for a given game or pitcher). The bot is previewed on FanGraphs [here](https://blogs.fangraphs.com/instagraphs/nerd-scores-now-available-from-internet-robot/) and the code can be found [here](https://github.com/john-b-edwards/NERD-Bot), though the bot is no longer maintained or updated.
